Feature/notification module (#229)
ExpediaGroup/stream-registry: notification-support/README.md

## stream-registry's notification-support module
### What is it?

> It set of components which provides an easy way to **listen** events carried out in the `stream-registry` core, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a set of components which provides an easy way to **listen** to events carried out in the `stream-registry` core, 
```

specifically _CREATE_, _UPDATE_ and _DELETE_ model entities (like streams, schemas or domains) in order to communicate
them to available handlers.

### What does it include?
#### 1. A set of listeners
In package `com.expediagroup.streamplatform.streamregistry.core.listeners` which includes listeners for `Schema` and 
`Stream` entities.

#### 2. A _Kafka_ handler for a particular model entity
It is in package `com.expediagroup.streamplatform.streamregistry.core.handlers` which includes a _Kafka_ event handler 
for `Schema` entities.

#### 3. Automatic configuration for _Kafka_
It is an optionally loadable functionality which makes possible set a handler to push Schema change events to a _Kafka_ 
topic. It will be explained on following section.

### _Kafka_ automatic configuration
Since this is an optionally loadable functionality, it will be ignored if properties aren't set.

> #### `notification.events.kafka.enabled = [true | false] (default: not set)`

Author: Since the `notification.events.kafka.enabled` is not considered mandatory (app can work if it is not set, that's why definition is `not set`). But you are right, it is confusing. I just set it to `false`

> #### `notification.events.kafka.enabled = [true | false] (default: not set)`

Author: Fixed
